obviously building in terms of not just
players but a program and so we've we've
done we've been quite consistent with
our last two games and I guess we're
wanting to hold on to that they're still
gills that haven't had a lot of game
time so all going well would like to see
our been together get out it get out
there and have a go to go away with this
this one tomorrow would be would be
pretty amazing I think for not only us
as a management crew because we're on
you but also the girls that of on you
know their first two and what a way to
go home knowing that you've taken three
from three learning on the field and off
the field has been pretty amazing the
cultures buildings you can hear the
music in the background you know it's
it's about having that balance of you
know knowing when to switch on and to
switch off with tank at I guess you know
that in terms of we've made subtle
changes to our game plan to keep things
fresh to keep the opposition I guess
guessing in terms of what we're what
we're going to bring and and I think
England found that out and last week and
so we want to we want to make sure that
we're creating a bit of a learning
culture as well for our girls to sort of
not be stuck in the madden and always be
willing to try new things are you
expecting from the Americans they'll be
they'll be bearing at me they will be
looking you know if there was one team
and will Drake we that they'd like to
get a win over it's definitely us and is
the GM he'd coach has said to us a
number of times in the last couple of
days is that we went out and played
England and we had we know we wanted to
take something away from them and I
think that the tides change that us had
a good result against Canada and they
want to that definitely would love to go
away taking taking our scalpel yes but
we're not only that happen